<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>phpDox - Leafo\ScssPhp\Parser::parseChunk</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/style.css" media="screen"/>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="topnav">
      <ul>
        <li>
          <div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../interfaces.xhtml">Interfaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../source/index.xhtml">Source</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
    <div id="mainstage">
      <div class="box">
        <ul class="breadcrumb">
          <li>
            <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml#Leafo_ScssPhp">Leafo\ScssPhp</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a title="Leafo\ScssPhp\Parser" href="../../classes/Leafo_ScssPhp_Parser.xhtml">Parser</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">parseChunk</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <nav class="box">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#synopsis">Synopsis</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#return">Return</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="../../source/gb/scssphp/src/Parser.php.xhtml#line280">Source</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
      <section>
        <h1><small>Leafo\ScssPhp\Parser::</small>parseChunk</h1>
        <h4>Parse a single chunk off the head of the buffer and append it to the current parse environment.</h4>
        <p>Returns false when the buffer is empty, or when there is an error.

This function is called repeatedly until the entire document is
parsed.

This parser is most similar to a recursive descent parser. Single
functions represent discrete grammatical rules for the language, and
they are able to capture the text that represents those rules.

Consider the function Compiler::keyword(). (All parse functions are
structured the same.)

The function takes a single reference argument. When calling the
function it will attempt to match a keyword on the head of the buffer.
If it is successful, it will place the keyword in the referenced
argument, advance the position in the buffer, and return true. If it
fails then it won't advance the buffer and it will return false.

All of these parse functions are powered by Compiler::match(), which behaves
the same way, but takes a literal regular expression. Sometimes it is
more convenient to use match instead of creating a new function.

Because of the format of the functions, to parse an entire string of
grammatical rules, you can chain them together using &amp;&amp;.

But, if some of the rules in the chain succeed before one fails, then
the buffer position will be left at an invalid state. In order to
avoid this, Compiler::seek() is used to remember and set buffer positions.

Before parsing a chain, use $s = $this-&gt;seek() to remember the current
position into $s. Then if a chain fails, use $this-&gt;seek($s) to
go back where we started.</p>
        <ul/>
        <h2 id="signature">Signature</h2>
        <div class="styled synopsis">
          <code>protected function parseChunk()
            </code>
        </div>
        <h2 id="return">Returns</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt>boolean</dt>
          <dd/>
        </dl>
        <h2 id="violations">Violations</h2>
        <div class="styled">
          <h3>PHPMessDetector</h3>
          <table class="styled">
            <thead>
              <tr>
                <th>Line</th>
                <th>Rule</th>
                <th>Message</th>
              </tr>
            </thead>
            <tr>
              <td class="line">280 - 696</td>
              <td>
                <a href="http://phpmd.org/rules/codesize.html#cyclomaticcomplexity" target="_blank" title="Code Size Rules">CyclomaticComplexity</a>
              </td>
              <td>The method parseChunk() has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 130. The configured cyclomatic complexity threshold is 10.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td class="line">280 - 696</td>
              <td>
                <a href="http://phpmd.org/rules/codesize.html#npathcomplexity" target="_blank" title="Code Size Rules">NPathComplexity</a>
              </td>
              <td>The method parseChunk() has an NPath complexity of 858945195343872075600. The configured NPath complexity threshold is 200.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td class="line">280 - 696</td>
              <td>
                <a href="http://phpmd.org/rules/codesize.html#excessivemethodlength" target="_blank" title="Code Size Rules">ExcessiveMethodLength</a>
              </td>
              <td>The method parseChunk() has 417 lines of code. Current threshold is set to 100. Avoid really long methods.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td class="line">282</td>
              <td>
                <a href="http://phpmd.org/rules/naming.html#shortvariable" target="_blank" title="Naming Rules">ShortVariable</a>
              </td>
              <td>Avoid variables with short names like $s. Configured minimum length is 3.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td class="line">482</td>
              <td>
                <a href="http://phpmd.org/rules/naming.html#shortvariable" target="_blank" title="Naming Rules">ShortVariable</a>
              </td>
              <td>Avoid variables with short names like $if. Configured minimum length is 3.</td>
            </tr>
          </table>
        </div>
      </section>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <span>Generated using phpDox 0.10.1 - Copyright (C) 2010 - 2017 by Arne Blankerts and Contributors</span>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
